## How to Activate Windows 8.1 Permanently with KMSAuto

  
# How to Activate Windows 8.1 Permanently with KMSAuto
 
If you are looking for a way to activate Windows 8.1 permanently without paying for a license, you may want to try KMSAuto. KMSAuto is a tool that can activate Microsoft Windows versions such as Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10, etc. by using a Key Management Service (KMS) server. KMS is a technology that allows organizations to activate multiple computers with a single product key.
 
## Ativador Permanente Do Windows 8.1 Tutorial .rar


[**Download**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fshoxet.com%2F2tKnLc&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw1ssVWLaj-Nnk9W-x-1QAeT)

 
In this article, we will show you how to use KMSAuto to activate Windows 8.1 permanently with a simple tutorial. Before we start, make sure you have downloaded the KMSAuto tool from a reliable source. You can find it on various websites, but be careful of malware and viruses. You can also use this link[^1^] to download it safely.
 
## Step 1: Run KMSAuto as administrator
 
After you have downloaded the KMSAuto tool, extract it from the .rar file and run it as administrator. You can do this by right-clicking on the file and choosing "Run as administrator". You may see a User Account Control (UAC) prompt asking you to allow the program to make changes to your computer. Click "Yes" to continue.
 
## Step 2: Choose your activation method
 
Once you have opened the KMSAuto tool, you will see a window with several options. You can choose between two activation methods: automatic and manual. The automatic method is recommended for most users, as it will automatically detect your Windows version and activate it with the appropriate key. The manual method allows you to choose your Windows edition and enter your own product key.
 
For this tutorial, we will use the automatic method. To do this, click on the "Activation" tab and then click on the "Activate Windows" button. You will see a message saying "Activating Windows..." and then another message saying "Product successfully activated". This means that your Windows 8.1 has been activated permanently with KMSAuto.
 
## Step 3: Restart your computer
 
The last step is to restart your computer to apply the changes. You can do this by clicking on the "System" tab and then clicking on the "Restart" button. Alternatively, you can restart your computer manually through the Start menu or the power button.
 
After you have restarted your computer, you can check your activation status by going to Settings > Update & Security > Activation. You should see a message saying "Windows is activated". Congratulations! You have successfully activated Windows 8.1 permanently with KMSAuto.
 
### Disclaimer
 
This article is for educational purposes only. We do not condone or encourage the use of illegal software or tools to bypass the activation of Windows or any other product. We are not responsible for any damages or consequences that may arise from using KMSAuto or any other similar tool.
 0f148eb4a0
